who would open the door to go outside
but i'll probably interrupt him oh well
they're looking over here at me
maybe I can go outside and I'll still
play a little bit go getta make it okay
the humidity out here is so bad camera
keeps clogging up get him alone that's
her son who is not even seven months old
yet and today as what is the ninth of
June how big he is he is only six months
old or not is his mother it was almost
too and he Dwarfs her i will hit on me
ah that's my legs
have to keep wiping the camera
she's going crazy
get a move on get him Ilan don't one pin
you down tell you one thing she sure
does put those dogs in their place
there's my doggies
nigga who's here go Jim okay right here
go get a make it or don't
I've enjoyed